"Asking for help is a sign of self-respect and self-awareness."
" Changing my mind is a strength, not a weakness."
" Every decision I make is supported by my whole and inarguable experience"
" I affirm and encourage others, as I do myself."
" I alone hold the truth of who I am."
" I am allowed to ask for what I want and what I need."
" I am allowed to feel good."
 "I am capable of balancing ease and effort in my life."
"I am complete as I am, others simply support me."
" I am content and free from pain."
" I am doing the work that works for me."
" I am good and getting better."
"I am growing and I am going at my own pace."
"I am held and supported by those who love me."
"I am in charge of how I feel and I choose to feel happy."
" I am listening and open to the messages the universe has to offer today."
" I am loved and worthy."
"I am more than my circumstances dictate."
"I am open to healing."
" I am optimistic because today is a new day."
" I am peaceful and whole."
" I am proof enough of who I am and what I deserve."
" I am responsible for myself, and I start there."
"I am safe and surrounded by love and support."
" I am still learning so it's okay to make mistakes."
"I am understood and my perspective is important."
"I am valued and helpful."
" I am well-rested and excited for the day."
" I am worthy of investing in myself."
" I belong here, and I deserve to take up space."
" I breath in healing, I exhale the painful things that burden my heart."
" I breathe in trust, I exhale doubt."
"I can be soft in my heart and firm in my boundaries."
" I can control how I respond to things that are confronting."
" I can hold two opposing feelings at once, it means I am processing."
"I celebrate the good qualities in others and myself."
"I deserve an affirming touch on my own terms."
" I deserve information and I deserve moments of silence, too."
"I deserve self-respect and a clean space."
" I do all things in love."
"I do not have to linger in dark places; there is help for me here."
" I do not pretend to be anyone or anything other than who I am."
"I do not rise and fall for another."
" I do not rush through my life, I temper speed with stillness."
" I embrace change seamlessly and rise to the new opportunity it presents."
" I embrace the questions in my heart and welcome the answers in their own time."
" I grow towards my interests, like a plant reaching for the sun."
" I have come farther than I would have ever thought possible, and I'm learning along the way."
" I have everything I need to succeed."
"I hold community for others, and am held in community by others."
"I hold wisdom beyond knowledge."
" I invite abundance and a generous heart."
" I invite art and music into my life."
" I leave room in my life for spontaneity."
" I let go of the things that sit achingly out of reach."
"I look forward to tomorrow and the opportunities that await me."
" I love that I love what I love."
" I make decisions based on a good gut, I make changes based on a growing heart."
" I make time to experience grief and sadness when necessary."
"I nourish myself with kind words and joyful foods."
" I practice gratitude for all that I have, and all that is yet to come."
" I release the fears that do not serve me."
" I respect the cycle of the seasons."
" I seek out mystery in the ordinary."
" I strive for joy, not for perfection."
" I tell the truth about who I am and what I need from others."
" I uplift my joy and the joy of others."
" I welcome the wisdom that comes with growing older."
" I welcome what is, I welcome what comes."
" I will allow myself to evolve."
" Letting go creates space for opportunities to come."
" My body is beautiful in this moment and at its current size."
" My body is worthy of being cared for and adorned in beautiful garments."
" My feelings deserve names, deserve recognition, deserve to be felt."
" My heart is open to helpfulness from myself and from others."
" My heart knows its own way."
"My life is not a race or competition."
" My perspective is unique and important."
" My pleasure does not require someone else's pain."
" My sensitivity is beautiful, and my feelings and emotions are valid."
" My weirdness is wonderful."
" Saying no is an act of self-affirmation, too."
" Sometimes the work is resting."
"There is growth in stillness."
"There is peace in changing your mind when it is done in love."
" There is poetry in everything, if I look for it."
" There is room for me at the table."
"There is something in this world that only I can do. That is why I am here."
" There is strength in quiet, there is vulnerability in being loud."
" Today I celebrate that I am younger than I'm ever going to be."
" Today is an opportunity to grow and learn."
"When I feel fear, I feed trust."
" When I focus on my reason for being, I am infinitely brave."
"When I forgive myself, I free myself."
"When I release shame, I move into myself more beautifully."
"When I root into the earth, the earth rises to support me."
"When I speak my needs, I receive them abundantly."
"When I talk to myself as I would a friend, I see all my best qualities and I allow myself to shine."
"Words may shape me, but they do not make me. I am here already."
'To be positive is to be productive.'
'No negative thought will take root in my mind.'
'I am unique, so I will be uniquely successful.'
'I believe in my ultimate potential.'
'I do not need anyone's approval but my own.'
'Never underestimate yourself. You are capable of great things.'
'I am fulfilling my purpose in this world.'
'I will achieve great things through small steps.'
'If you are happy, you are motivated.'
'I am thankful for what I have, even if it is not perfect.'
'I will have a positive impact on someone else's day.'
'My mind and my heart will remain open today.'
'I can choose to make my curses, my blessings.'
'You might also like these powerful daily affirmations to create a positive mindset'
'My greatest struggles, are my greatest lessons.'
'I will always remember that I only have control over myself, and my choices.'
'I will learn what I do and do not have control of. I will let go of the latter.'
'Always remember that you have enough, you do enough, and most importantly, you are enough.'
'Be the person that you say you want to be. It is within your control.'
'I am fierce. I am unafraid. I am bold.'
'I will love myself the way that I say I want others to. They cannot do for me, what I will not do for myself.'
'Create a life that makes you excited to get out of bed each day.'
'Always choose kindness, you never know what someone is going through.'
'Acts of kindness do not cost a thing, but they return to us great riches.'
'If it does not serve you, sever it from your life.'
'If I wish for it, I need to be willing to work for it.'
'I believe in myself. I am capable of whatever I set my mind too.'
'I do not need to put anyone down, to build myself up.'
'I give myself permission to go after what I want.'
'If it was easy, it would NOT be worth it.'
'Never forget that you write your own story. So make it one you will never forget.'
'Lessons and wisdom is all around us if we are only willing to listen.'
'I already have everything I need.'
'I will express my appreciation for those I love each day.'
'I will not take for granted that people know what I love and appreciate about them.'
'I release all the negativity within me, and open myself up to happiness and opportunity.'
'I am the architect of my life; I build its foundation and choose its contents.'
'I am conquering my illness; I am defeating it steadily each day.'
'Today, I am brimming with energy and overflowing with joy.'
'I possess the qualities needed to be extremely successful.'
'I claim my power and move beyond all limitations.'
'Creative energy surges through me and leads me to new and brilliant ideas.'
'Deep at the center of my being is an infinite well of love.'
'My thoughts are filled with positivity and my life is plentiful with prosperity.'
'I forgive myself for not being perfect.'
'Replacing negative thoughts with positive, hopeful, and inspirational ones can have a profound impact on the tone you set for your day, and how you feel about yourself.'
'We want to give you the tools to change your perspective, and all it takes is showing you that you possess the power to do that all on your own!'
